gh-90345: Add math.integer.isqrt_rem() (#150224)
python/cpython: Doc/library/math.integer.rst

      :trim:

.. function:: isqrt_rem(n, /)

    Return a pair of values (s,t) such that s=isqrt(n) and t=n-s*s.

>     The remainder *t* will be zero, if *n* is a perfect square.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a nonnegative integer *n*, return the pair of integers *(s, t)*
    such that ``s = isqrt(n)`` and ``t = n - s*s``.
    The remainder *t* is zero, if *n* is a perfect square.
```

This is where I wish we could have mathjax.

Author: Added with minor change (tuple formatted as verbatim).
